
Unity platformer enemies package


**Contact information:

Thomas Alexgaard Jensen

alexgaardgames@gmail.com

https://connect.unity.com/g/5c3de58fedbc2a020455dff7?tab=discussion


**Introduction and contact notes:

Hi! Thank you for buying this product and thank you for supporting me!

Should any complications arise, should you be in need of help concerning how this package
works, should you be in need of help concerning how you could expand upon the contents of this package,
then you can always contact me using my email or through my unity connect group.

I hope this package is useful in creating your own games, and when you finish, please also contact me
and i would be very happy to play your awesome creation!


**Descripton of package:

Inside of this package you will find a folder containing assets, a demo and a documentation,
inside the assets folder you will find:

A prefabs folder containing prefabs of every asset used to create the demo, 
including 4 enemies, 2 groundtiles and a health drop.

A scripts folder containing 4 enemy movement scripts, and 2 health scripts 
(information on scripts can be read further down).

A textures folder containing alle the temporary textures used in the demo.


**Description of Prefabs:

EnemyType_1:
A patrolling ground enemy, moving between 2 points in a horizontal pattern.

EnemyType_2:
A flying enemy moving between 4 points in diagonal patterns.

EnemyType_3:
A flying enemy moving in a horizontal sinusodial pattern between 2 points.

EnemyType_4:
A stationary enemy on the ceiling, waiting for the player before attacking,
when on the ground the enemy will jump to stop the player.

HealthPickup:
A red heart functioning as loot, to be dropped from dead enemies. will jump to attract attention.


**How to modify prefabs:
(read the scripts for further information)

EnemyType_1:
Can be modified using the inspector to change movement speed and the 2 points
can be moved around in the scene to change patrol length.

EnemyType_2:
Can be modified using the inspector to change Horizontal/vertical movement speed and the 4 points
can be moved around in the scene to change patrol area.

EnemyType_3:
Can be modified using the inspector to change movement speed and the amplitude of the sinusodial
movement and the 2 points can be moved around in the scene to change patrol length.

EnemyType_4:
Can be modified using the inspector to change gravity of the fall, the time between jumps and jump force
on the ground. 


All enemies:
Can be modified in the amounts of heath they have and if they are to drop loot. furthermore a kill switch can be found
in the inspector of each enemy to test the death and spawning of loot.
(in the demo loot is a health pickup)


HealthPickup:
Can be modified using the inspector to change the duration between jumps and the jump force.


**Further modification:

When creating a game around these enemies a number of things has tp have the same naming conventions
if you dont decide to rename them. 

To kill the enemies without using the killswitch in the inspector, you have to make the enemies 
collide with objects (such as projectiles) whoose tags are either "Bullet_1" or "Bullet_2". 
(spawning these objects wont be a part of this package)

for the 4th enemy to respond to a player walking beneath, the player needs to be on a layer called "Player".

Any of these names could be modified in the code itself to your personal prefrence.

Thank you for reading through the documentation!













